I
welcome to MTT the home with the yqk
turban superbike we're located in
franklin louisiana down south in the
bayou country come on in let's see how
these things are built
this is the Indian shop this is where
the heart of the y2k is built the engine
used in the y2k is out of a Bell Jet
Ranger helicopter this engine would
typically carry five men 120 knots
forward air speed and defy gravity this
little engine weighs in at 138 pounds
and produces over 320 shaft horsepower
one of the unique things about the
engine it's a gas turbine it uses fossil
fuel and the burning of that to generate
expanding gas to drive the power urban
wheels one of the unique things about
the turbine engines they're tremendous
pork
this engine produces 425 foot-pounds of
torque at 2,000 RPM we're talking the
torque of diesel engine torque being the
ability of horsepower to do work this is
the little mule that pulls the y2k down
the course this is the fabrication shop
where we build the components that are
coupled to the turbine motor cycle
because of the torque this bike
generates this motorcycles capable
accelerate into over 200 miles an hour
in under 15 seconds this is the yqk
final assembly this is where it all
comes together
after 3,000 man-hours this is the final
product the y2k turbines Superbike we're
here at Patterson airport with James
Cana blue new race and James the
professional stunt rider who's offered
to ride the y2k and see what she's got
in her it was explained to me that
riding this bike was like feeling of the
hand of God grabbing you on your foot
and throwing you forward and that's
exactly what it is
that's what i call torque wife UK cell
for 185 thousand dollars and i guess if
you say well facet that sound is bad but
you know it's not for the faint of heart
and you know you got to be able to
stroke the check if you want it is truly
a street-legal motorcycle I don't think
anyone's it's ready to challenge us to
the 250 mile an hour mark but if they
are we're ready and waiting motorcycles
are sort of like the last bastion of
speed you get on that I mean you're the
pilot command I mean it's no different
than flying this helicopter to describe
this is is to say that if you could
bottle it and sell it be the most
addictive drug in the world